Update ipv6-support.md (#2711)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/ipv6-support.md

### Skype for Business and IPv6

Please be aware IPv6 is not supported in Skype for Business and can no longer be enabled.

> ### MS Teams and IPV6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Microsoft Teams and IPV6
```

Author: Made the change

> MS Teams Support IPV6. If you want to control communications to MS teams, use the IP address ranges in  [Office 365 URLs and IP address ranges](urls-and-ip-address-ranges.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Teams supports IPV6. If you want to control communications to Microsoft teams, use the IP address ranges in [Office 365 URLs and IP address ranges](urls-and-ip-address-ranges.md).
```

Author: Making some more changes.. Will request copy review again

> MS Teams Direct Routing only supports IPv4. MS Teams service and client supports both ipv4 and ipv6. If you want to control communications to MS Teams, use the IP address ranges in  [Office 365 URLs and IP address ranges](urls-and-ip-address-ranges.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Teams Direct Routing only supports IPv4. The Microsoft Teams service and client support both IPv4 and IPv6. If you want to control communications to Microsoft Teams, use the IP address ranges in [Office 365 URLs and IP address ranges](urls-and-ip-address-ranges.md).
```
